*“So, where are you working this summer?” … “Sharpie?”* This happened more than often not when I introduced Chartbeat to my friends due to my inability to articulate the sound of T’s (which is pretty significant in this case).

Hi there! My name is Jamie Liao and I’m currently a rising senior majoring in CS at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey. This past summer in 2017, I was a backend engineering intern at Chartbeat! When I first joined the company, I immediately felt that the environment was much like a family at about 70 people; everyone was extremely welcoming and encouraging from my first day to my last. Through my 3 months at Chartbeat, I’ve learned so many skills ranging from technical to leadership to teamwork and, above all, I learned about myself and what I want to do in the future. 
## Interview Process
  My interview at Chartbeat, while highly stressful, proved to be the most fun I’ve had at an interview. It consisted of three phases: a phone screen, a phone interview, and an in-person interview.
  The phone screen was a very casual phone call with the head of engineering to get to know each other and the company better. The phone interview consisted of the standard 40-minute technical coding interview followed by a Q&A session. The in-person interview was also 40 minutes and it took me by surprise as the solution to the problem required the one concept I dreaded the most: recursion. However, the interview didn’t even feel like one because my interviewer helped me along the way when I was stuck and cracked jokes. I honestly forgot that I was in an interview midway through solving the problem because it felt more like a casual collaboration than a formal, nerve-wracking interview. 
## Intro to Rabbit Holes
  I walked into my first day welcomed by a galore of T-shirts and a sweater all branded with the company logo as well as my very first (temporary) Macbook. In addition to the company on-boarding meetings, the engineering on-boarding process included setting up your VM (aka the rabbit hole), getting accounts set up, and publishing your face on the team page! My first blurp occurred a few hours into the first day when I accidentally changed the permissions of the shared DB credentials file to which my manager responded with wide eyes, ran to his computer to fix it, and told me to “be careful with sudo.”
  On the second day, I was feeling demoralized as I was still struggling with the never-ending rabbit hole doubled with the utter confusion and frustration of not understanding the terminology. I expressed my disappointment and struggle with the other engineers and they all empathized with me while reminiscing about the same struggles they went through on their first day. Everyone was extremely open to spending time with me to figure out my rabbit role, which turned out to be a simple typo. Beware of typoes!
## Everyday Life & The Engineering Culture
  Chartbeat’s current engineering workflow follows scrum which consists of sprints, 2 week cycles to work towards a common goal, with daily 15-minute update meetings in the morning. I personally really liked this structure because after each sprint, we re-evaluated the team's progress and adjusted future goals and tasks accordingly. Two weeks is just long enough to accomplish the various tasks acquired at the beginning of the sprint, but not too long to forget about the overall team goal. In addition to completing my sprint tasks, the typical day can include attending meetings with my team, learning about Project Euler or REACT in 1-hour workshops, asking questions or pondering about life in my weekly 1:1s with my manager, chasing dogs in the office (yes, we are dog friendly!), or grabbing a surplus of snacks from the kitchen. 
The most memorable and unbelievable part of the company was the welcoming and encouraging engineering culture at Chartbeat. The culture is comparable that of a family that took care of me when I called for help (many times), took time to explain concepts, and trusted my code. From day one, everyone on the engineering team was extremely open to help answer my technical questions or fix a bug in my logic. My manager invited me to all of the general engineering and team meetings and I was given various tasks to get accustomed with the code base. I was able to listen in on and offer input during important product discussions and I was encouraged by my manager to ask questions when I didn't understand a term (which happened a lot my first month). As I was ready to close my first pull request and push to master, my co-workers simply told me “just do it. I trust you.” I was thoroughly surprised with the amount of trust that they had in me when I didn’t even understand the concept of branching in git.
From the first day to my last, everyone on the engineering team treated me as a full timer and I’m grateful for this attitude because it gave me a much needed peek into the life of an engineer. And I learned that I loved every moment of engineering.


