I recently just decided that I would stay for the entirety of my senior year!! I think it's because a part of me wants to stay in school and hangout with everyone. I don't want to "adult" just yet.. its a little terrifying. Also I wanted to take Operating Systems and Artificial Intelligence as classes because I didnt have the chance to yet until next semester.

However, I think the biggest reason for staying is because I want to stay and hangout with my new friends and get to know them at various hackathons. This past weekend I was just at PennApps over at the UPenn and I got to know quite a few of the organizers from Bitcamp, UMD's hackathon. I think that there's a lovely thing about the tech community because everyone is so open to each other and wanting to hang out with others who they have only just met. My friend Brian Chuk made this awesome fort out of some airbeds in the corner of a room at PennApps. Brandon and I went on a walk at 2AM in the middle of Phili (which may or may not have been a great idea). We then went to McDonalds to buy some nuggs (because there was no midnight snack!!) and a regretable oreo mcflurry because it was freezing outside. Also, on Saturday a group from Rutgers and and UMD went ice skating at midnight until 2AM, then we got 200 chicken nuggets at 3AM (split between 19 of us), then played poker until 5AM. Theeeen the following morning at 9AM we had a semi-rave when most of us were half dead from lack of sleep, then we went to Chinatown to eat some dim sum!

Overall, I was really happy with my experience at PennApps for meeting new people and getting to know people who I've known for awhile at Rutgers and those who I've just met at HackCon not more than a month ago. I really wanted to experience this type of thing more throughout the schoolyear and I hope to get to know more people as I branch out. It've always been a little shy when approaching a new group of friends, but I think that hackathons have taught me that there's nothing to be afraid of. Everyone who I have encountered at hackathons have been amazingly kind and welcoming and it's reassuring.
