This is the start of a series of Process Logs for my Creative Writing class. It's a dedicated time to sit down and write down my thoughts.. so I thought it'd be a great time to start writing my blog.

Creative writing was my first class of my potentially final semester and it was a really great start. Although the start of class was unconventional, the initial meditation is something that I think that I will start to appreciate more and more as I grow older and get more responsibility. I'm currently feeling slightly swamped in club work and adulting.

In terms of club work, I'm currently the executive director of HackRU and it's a little difficult to muster up the confidence and motivation to lead the team. I often fret over if I am doing a good enough job or if others approve of my decisions. Regardless, I will keep doing my best and keep trucking along. I often avoided being the top position in clubs because I felt a sense of imposter syndrome when leading clubs. Maybe this has something to do with a lack of confidence? This is the first time that I'm in the top position of a club and have the final call in major decisions. It's definitely something that I'm not used to it. Another thing that I'm unused to is having to constantly keep up with people and their tasks versus making sure that I do my own thing. I can't be lazy anymore because if I am, then a lot of things will be delays.

In terms of adulting, I am planning on graduating early, but I'm unsure of what to do for my spring semester. My current plan for the spring semester is teetering between travelling, working, or taking classes, namely Operating Systems and Artificial Intelligence.I'm a little afraid of graduating because I love being at school to hang out with my friends, but I hate taking exams. I'm also afraid that I can't participate in hackNY if I graduate early and get a full time job :( I'd be extremely sad if it ended up that I couldn't do hackNY because I've met so many amazing people who've gone through the problem and all of my friends say that it was their best summer ever. I think that the hackNY community is something that I would love to be a part of, but graduating early may not give me even the chance to join the community.
