Not much has changed since the previous process log. I’ve continued to work on making sure that there are no fires in HackRU. I didn’t realize how much work came with being the co-executive director of HackRU and it’s a little overwhelming sometimes. Even with 2 days off a week, I still find myself swamped in work. There’s a lot of maintenance that needs to be done amongst the team to make them work together.  In previous years, we’ve had the trouble of trying to get all teams to talk to each other. It’s improved a little bit since last semester, but I’m not too sure by how much. At least all of the directors are willing to talk to each other. 

I think overall I don’t regret becoming the exec of HackRU. It’s been a really fun ride so far and I’m learning how to better become a leader and how to interact with people more. It’s challenging but also so, so rewarding. Especially when we were looking through the applications that hackers have wrote. The question was “What do you plan to get out of HackRU?” and many were touching. A few examples: 
- “More than anything, I want to come to HackRU to build something whilst surrounded by hundreds of talented hackers. There is something surreal about being in a space with individuals that have the same passion to hack and find innovative solutions. In terms of what I want to get out of HackRU specifically, many of my mentors and friends have told me very positive things about this hackathon and I would remissed if I didn't apply. I hope to meet some passionate hackers and build something that will impact my community here at BC."
- "I found out about HackRU through the involvement fair on College Ave. The representative I talked to was very nice and encouraged me to come out so I can learn as much as I can about computer science. I am looking forward to putting my skills into action to produce a unique and creative project."
There are a ton more, but it’s just so heartwarming knowing that there are people who truly enjoy the event after putting hours and hours into organizing this event. 

At this point, HackRU is in a few weeks and I think that we have a good chunk of the event down and I truly trust my entire team to do the things they need to do and to get things done. 

